
## [12/23/2024][EN] Post title

When I was a kid, I used to look at the christmas tree through the ajar door at the nights.
And, on this specific christmas-eve midnight, while I was gazing at that flashing and
blinking lights, I wondered why, not knowing exactly what. The monolith doors then seemed
even scarier and I just wished to get cramp in one of my legs or lose one of my baby-teeth
again. The clouds, the warm sand below my feet, full of grains between the toes, the seashells
scattered along the shore, and the few strands of hair on the top of the head of the old ones
had, indeed, something to tell me, but I just didn't hear them. So, because of my sacred innocence,
I ended up burning my entire body in that sun, in a city that, despite being my hometown, I do not
know anything about -- such as an impersonal strange's house. Thus, I grew old, just to see the 
skies get grayer and more opaque.

Today I walked to the front door; its glass were not as smirch as they're use to be. Even the night
were not very smirch: although its grayish colour, the sky looked way clearer than usual. *Perhaps I
could be a writer of countless Molly Bloom's monologues*, I thought. The automatic answer was no, 
'cause not even among the greatest schizophrenics I would really feel part of something. *Indeed*, I
went through one more thought, *neither those clouds, nor the biology projects walking on the street,
nor this floor nor this ceiling, nor this agonizing song playing right now, nor those websites, computers,
the internet, the programming languages, nor any other fucking shit related to it: none of them have full
stop periods, commas, semicolons or dashes.

*It reminds me of Molly Bloom's monologue.*

Christmas reminds me of oranges -- the colour and the fruit --, quiet and strange nights, mango trees, beaches,
salty juices and cakes made out of sponges. There's nothing prettier than this. The teachers; the broken clocks
which dressed up in time machines; the unintentional and unnecessary poetic nightmares about points and giant
geometries I can't understand to this day. Even the today the ugly drawings. I started missing those things so
much that today the way I found to revive such innocence is to try forgetting how to breathe, just to that, in
few seconds of life I have left, I have to relearn how to pull the air into my lungs once again.

Since that old woman commented about the way I talk -- "his talk's weird, isn't it? I don't know sounds different,
like a foreigner", "no, it's how Danny talks" --, I knew something I am neither able to put into words -- operhaps
what the clouds didn't tell me -- nor into projects.

Am I a scientist or an artist?

"Why not both?"

"Because for each one I'd have to dedicate a considerable amount of time to get good at."

"I don't think so. Why are you separating them?"

"I don't know. I do need to be the better at them, y'know? I do need.", so that was the
moment I realized I just started, somehow and somewhen, to be a [pretender](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12zAD0y_vT0)."

The fact is that I wished to update more this Website with cool and interesting projects, but it takes a long time to do
and I can't do anything when I'm too focused on "important life stuff".





