
## [04/15/2025][EN] Young and Foolish.

Perhaps I had just become an adult. And I may only remember
those nice bands with a bunch of musicians lined up in a 
straight line, singing and playing their instruments for
the children.

The university has officially started. My new house is still
raw, just like any other recently moved house. Many times I
stopped in front of my bedroom window, laid dow my ear on it 
and heard the stuffy car sounds and the annoying motocycles;
sometimes, even people could be heard. They -- the noises --
never really stop. At least, that's how I feel like.

"Why did the gate to the infity break, Fernando? Non-calculatable
or understandable artistic feelings, could y'all find the signable
and/or uncountable static and exact thinking?

"I came home. You were lying down, sleeping. I didn't expect anything
different since your nights had become so messy and busy. The blankets
barely covered you, leaving half of your body outside, at the non-existent
mercy of the winter cold. I knew how easily you could wake up, so I just went
to the window and closed its glasses, so the foreign sunshines could still
illuminate those wisps of dusts which, even in their dirty essence, became pretty
sparkles of light below the warm sun of the morning. The whole bedroom smelled like 
if it had been stored for years inside children's toys chests, even counting with that
classical lack of important things that, rightly because of their importance, we forgot
completely about them."

It's easier for me to tell about other's lives than mine. Just like those foreign lights
that, without passport or license, joined the bedroom of the couple portrayed in the short
story, I am impersonal for my own self. I am the recently moved and raw house, a foreigner
who does not know how to speak the language to understand itself. The worse part of it all
is that I do not know if there is a passport for the unfamously individual called me.

I already found myself thinking that the beauty and kindness of this world is a pretty 
coincidence. The good part of being young is that you are always wrong.

"He held the pen as if he were about to draw on the air infinite lines from a finite imagination
stored somewhere inside that cranial genial box. His stubble beard looked better than in mistreated
apparence. The worse part about being inside a classroom in April is that the professor always found
a way to make classes longer. I don't know, he just became inspiring at the highest levels possible,
proclaiming difficult words as if in a greek agora.

"April have always been a bittersweet month. Perhaps because it happens exactly between two very
different seasons, or just because this has this kind of energy. People weearing their hoddies and
extremely sentimental and perfect rains make this specific month looks... Somehow displaced. The rain
make me remember memories of which I don't even remember being able to remember them.

"The professor sat down. He looked tired -- understandable considering how much he have been talking.
Suddenly, the white head smiled looking up to the ceiling, as if thinking of someone -- at least,
that's what I want to believe. This kind of faith makes me want to stop being so lonely and antisocial.
Reject such human nature characteristic is, for sure, a mistake. Although I already is a mistake, so then
I want to commit a mistake again. I bent down so that I could be close enough with the table that I could
look at the blackboard while hiding my mouth to the others. So then I allowed myself to laugh."

To be a good young person is to be foolishly stupid. That's what I believe the most.

Today I am going to interview a professor from university. He's a doctor in biology and I want him to talk about the
"revival" of the Dire-Wolves. I am going to write an article about them and I want some profissional opinion. My
professor opinion. My professor allowed me to write this because I told him I am interested on scientific journalism.
After the interview, I am likely going to start writing the actual article, since to this moment I still didn't do
anything besides researching about the topic. M. told me it's good to know about the topic before writing anything, so
I am not feeling very guilty for not having written anything yet.

[TODO]: Have a haircut;
