
## [06/05/2025][EN] Science, journalism and adulthood.

Yesterday, June 4, I had my last class with one of the professors of my university.
Since I joined university very late, this seems like it was last week that I started
all my classes. I didn't expect that the time would fly so quickly -- because, after all,
it didn't seem to do it.

The classes, specifically from this professor, were so good. He's a master explaining what he
needs to explain and this made his classes so enjoyable.

We had a last café without coffee. He explained somethings in the beginning of the meeting, then
a picture with all the students, and then everyone started to eat.

Despite being crowded and noisy, the meeting was kinda good. Everyone looked somewhat happy.

At the end, when everyone was already leaving, the professor came to me, with his silly walk that
always reminds me of a pastor. He sat next to me and started to say how he wanted me to continue
pursuing the course. He said that I'd be a good professional. But then, in an attack of unconsciousness
and stupidness, I shared about me with him; I told him that I may not continue with journalism, changing
the course in the near future.

He remained quiet, just to ask me, in the follow few seconds, if I hadn't identified myself as a journalist.
I couldn't give up at this point, so I told him that it was confusing for me since the beginning. He stared
at me with a poor look and then said "I'll support you independent of the course you pursue."

What happened after that was... Weird, to say the least. He compared me to the foreign boy in our class,
explaining how he "treated me like a foreigner among everyone there, but not in a pejorative way". Also
told me how sad he felt when he saw me alone in the classes break.

If I am allowed the be dramatic, perhaps I can consider this a disruptive point of my life. I heard other
people comparing me to a foreigner, but for some reason this specific moment was different, as if he knew
more about me than anyone else, even though I never though him a single information.

Also, he told me that I showed him how I have potential to be a great intellectual and how he really believe
on it. I asked him what would be better: physics or mathematics. He said that if I choose mathematics, I'll
be a great scientist; if I choose physics, I'll develop my intellectual-self.

I become quiet. He shook his head in a gentle gesture, got up and started to talk to other student.

The adulthood amputates something from you you can't really recover, and you can't do it because you can't
really remember what it was, so you just feel the missing somewhere there inside you.

Journalism is interesting, but science is great. But which field inside science should I choose? Physics,
mathematics or computer science? I thought I'd have solved this problem a year ago.

